Step-by-Step Instructions to Run the Hacker News Scraper

1. Open Your Terminal
   - Open a terminal window on your computer (Command Prompt, PowerShell, Terminal, etc.).

2. Navigate to Your Project Directory

3. Install Dependencies (if not already done)
   - Ensure you have installed all necessary dependencies. If you haven't done this yet, run:
     npm install

4. Run the Scraper
   - To execute the scraper and start fetching articles from Hacker News, use the following command:
     npm start

5. Monitor the Output
   - As the scraper runs:
     - A new browser window will open, navigating to the Hacker News "Newest" articles page.
     - The console will display the number of articles and timestamps fetched, along with the timestamps of the first and last articles.
     - After completion, the results will be saved to a file named `articles.json` in your project directory.

   Example Console Output:
   Number of articles: 58
   Number of timestamps: 30
   Total articles fetched: 30
   First article timestamp: Tue Nov 05 2024 00:30:00 GMT+0000 (Coordinated Universal Time)
   Last article timestamp: Tue Nov 05 2024 01:00:00 GMT+0000 (Coordinated Universal Time)
   Articles saved to articles.json

6. Check the Output File which will be called article.json


7. Run the Tests
   - To ensure your scraper works correctly, run the tests by executing the following command:
     npm test
   - This will run the tests defined in `hackerNews.test.js` using Jest.

8. Monitor Test Results
   - Check the console output to see the results of the tests. You should see a summary indicating whether all tests passed.

   Example Test Output:
   PASS  hackerNews.test.js
     Hacker News Scraping Tests
       ✓ Fetch articles (73 ms)
       ✓ Fetch timestamps (11 ms)
       ✓ Parse timestamps correctly (1 ms)
       ✓ Ensure articles and timestamps match (23 ms)

   Test Suites: 1 passed, 1 total
   Tests:       4 passed, 4 total

By following these steps, you will successfully run your Hacker News scraper.